Doc: Update some references (#1313)
3scale/APIcast: doc/configuration.md

3scale hosts thousands of gateways for its customers and needs a reasonable way to share resources between them. Multi-tenant deployment of this proxy is the preferred way.

TODO: figure out how to store/load the configuration in multi-tenant way

## How config is loaded:

> On APICast there are three main components regarding configuration, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the three main components in an APIcast configuration:
```

> components are the following ones:

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion:** The following are the three main components in an APIcast configuration:

> components are the following ones:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> - configuration_loader: this is a object that retrieve the configuration and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- configuration_loader: this is an object that retrieves the configuration and the
OIDC config for all services. There are three type of configuration_loader:
```

>   OIDC config for all services, there are a few kinds of loader:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - file: for using local file and THREESCALE_CONFIG_FILE

>     - remote_v1: this is what we used in the past, to load all the config from

Reviewer 3: Does remote_v1 really use `THREESCALE_CONFIG_FILE`? Seems a bit misleading worded like that because APIcast will not make that request to system if the env var `THREESCALE_CONFIG_FILE` is configured. I think you are confusing the "use case" for `THREESCALE_CONFIG_FILE` where a user can call the same API used by remote_v1 to retrieve a single config file to store on some local path. APIcast will only try remote_v1 if requests via remote_v2 fail to retrieve a config, it's a fallback. This only happens when a 3scale account still has proxy config configured the old way, I think we actually force migrated everyone last year or 2019 and so there will be no APIcast deployment using this endpoint anymore (we can check Kibana to be sure)

Author: yes, a typo!

      system and spec.json, using THREESCALE_PORTAL_ENDPOINT.

>     - remote_v2: this is the best way, will retrieve the config by each service,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - remote_v2: This is the recommended way for retrieving the config for each service, to auto-discover the OIDC information, and it uses the THREESCALE_PORTAL_ENDPOINT env variable.
```

>       and auto-discover the oidc information, this uses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>       THREESCALE_PORTAL_ENDPOINT env variable

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion:** This is the recommended way for retrieving the config for each service, to auto-discover the OIDC information, and it uses the THREESCALE_PORTAL_ENDPOINT env variable.

>       THREESCALE_PORTAL_ENDPOINT env variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - configuration_store: this is the object that stores the configuration into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- configuration_store: this object stores the configuration into the Openresty cache and uses it at different phases.
```

>   the Openresty cache to be used in different phases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - policy/load-configuration: by default this policy is always loaded, as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- policy/load-configuration: this policy loads first by default and works in the following scenarios:
```

>   first.It has the same behaviour as any policy, given the following scenario:

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion:** 
configuration_store: this object stores the configuration into the Openresty cache and uses it at different phases.
- policy/load-configuration: this policy loads first by default and works in the following scenarios:

>   first.It has the same behaviour as any policy, given the following scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    - init phase: started the configuration_store

>     - init_worker phase: retrieved the config using configuration_loader and send the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - init_worker phase: retrieves the config using configuration_loader and sends the configuration_store object, which saves the config retrieved
```

>       configuration_store object, so can save the config retrieved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     - rewrite phase: look for the service for the request host, and set the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - rewrite phase: looks for the service for the requested host, and sets the service config on that request.
```

>       service config on that request.

Reviewer 2: **Suggestion:**
- init_worker phase: retrieves the config using configuration_loader and sends the configuration_store object, which saves the config retrieved
- rewrite phase: looks for the service for the requested host, and sets the service config on that request.

>       service config on that request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
